so I just got a fresh version of Windows
11 and this how went from 180 processes
all the way down to around 70 I'm going
to show you step by step exactly how to
deep load WIndows 11 properly and the
best part about it is it's really safe
and also really fast so therefore it
won't retake a lot of time guys you can
see before we deplo windows I have over
160 processors which is horrible for
system render latency the overall speed
of the system and as well gaming
performance so what we want to do in the
first place once we not already in the
testment job what I want you to do is go
over to Startup applications it's
literally straight up in there just
follow exactly what I'm doing here and
make sure that you disable every single
process which you guys don't need
disabling as many startup applications
as possible can have so many advantages
like speeding up the process as well of
launching your windows which is going to
be really nice guys because we all know
we hate it when texes like long when our
PC Starts Now for the actual deep load
step I want you to actually go in your
browser and just simply Google up Chris
Titus Tech utility this is the tool
which we're going to utilize which is
going to remove a huge chunk of our
blood Weare off our Windows PC it's an
amazing tool and all you got to do is
copy the following commment then you got
to go back onto your desktop just simply
search up pow shell and right click onto
it and launch it as administrator guys
that is super important once you get
that a new window should pop up guys and
this is basically now your poell console
and in there you're going to paste the
following link which you just copi and
just simply press enter it's then going
to download for you everything which it
needs to actually run the utility tool
and then afterwards it's going to start
that's literally the coolest part about
it you don't have to download anything
and now once we in the tool itself you
can see on the top bar actually tweak
section guys this is what we want to
focus around you have a bunch of presets
for your PC laptop minimal and even to
reverse all of the tweaks but what we
want to focus on guys are just something
the normal PC recommendations so we're
going to click on the desktop and make
sure to check as well create a restart
Point guys this is so important every
single time before you apply any major
tweaks always make sure that you create
a restart point we already have run with
own o shut up as well applied in here so
just simply click run tweaks and it's
going to literally adjust every single
thing for you automatically it's going
to remove all the bloatware it's going
to apply all the privacy settings all of
the telary processes are going to get
stopped so Microsoft cannot collect data
off your PC anymore and once you're done
with it it's going to tell you the
tweaks are finished and now just simply
restart your PC and now once we
restarted our PC let's actually check in
the task manager how many processes we
are on and as you can see guys we
already went from well over 160 all the
way down to 89 to 90 processors but we
still don't want to stop here guys like
we can get this number even lower so
what we're actually going to do guys is
go into our search bar and type in their
services right click onto it and run it
as administrator of course again create
a restart Point guys before you apply
the next following settings again make
another restart point just so you're on
the secure side because with the Chris
Titus Tech utility these are already
safe tweaks so make another restore
point and then continue now in Services
you can see a whole entire list of
basically every single service which is
running on your Windows PC there's
around 50 I would say which are from
Windows directly then you have a few
applications and then you have a small
portion as well of extra services and
we're going to deactivate a mixture
between the windows ws and these extra
ones so what I want you to do in the
first place is scroll all the way down
guys and make sure to disable all of the
Xbox Services if you actually don't need
them guys this are super hard
recommending so therefore make sure to
delete everything there it's like this
Xbox game bar which is active 24/7 in
the background really taking a lot of
system performance and now in this next
step I'm going to guide you through a
whole entire list of every single
process which I would say you can safely
actually deactivate as mentioned you
have a restart Point don't be worried if
there's something which you don't like
just simply go back but I'm just going
to play it now and make sure to C every
single step guys
[Music]
now the most hardw demend one is
actually a window search bar guys so
therefore for this one you have to
decide for yourself if you actually uze
it or not on your Windows PC going to
lose a bunch of abilities of it so
therefore if you use it on a day-to-day
base make sure to leave it on I just
want to include it since it's the most
Hardware demanding one for the next step
guys I want you to go into your windows
search bar and just simply type in that
task until you can find the task
schedule up and in here now we can find
a summary of every single task which is
scheduled on our PC as mentioned I have
a fresh Windows version so therefore
there's not actually much in here but
for you there might be a lot more and
what you want to make sure is basically
disable as many as possible as you can
as an example some like Microsoft Edge
update test machine here this one
basically when I go into property just
tells me it keeps your Microsoft
software up to date and since I don't
really utilize Microsoft Edge anymore I
can actually fully disable it because if
you're going to take a look it actually
just happened today like today was the
last time when this service was actually
running and was updating Microsoft Edge
in the background even though I never
use it going to do the same here as well
with the other one if we can see as well
in the properties real quick that it's
also for the software update and yeah
and as mentioned all we got to do is
click under disable that way we now
already disabled this year and it's not
a service which is going to run once or
twice a day on our PC Nvidia we're going
to let here Nvidia the self update
theoretically you could also deactivate
it if you want to do it manually you
know there's also a button in the Nvidia
app the same goes as well for my other
launcher Opa GX we most likely going to
have multiple services in here make sure
to do some quick research and look if
you can actually disable them now after
we done with that I want you to go again
into your window search bar and type in
that taskbar because you can see the
small widgets which are on our home scen
screen we want to fully disable them and
this is exactly where you do it guys you
can see straight up option for widgets
you want to make sure to just simply put
it on off guys it's super important
since widgets also take a lot of system
power they're basically backed up by AI
you know permanently updating giving us
infos and all of that stuff we don't
need that and once you're in the same
window you can also see on the left side
now applications click onto it guys and
then we now have a bunch of presets the
insult applications I want you to go
through every single one of them and
just figure out okay do I need it no I
don't need it okay that one also because
Windows has a lot of them which are
pre-installed which are just simply
useless like I'm not going to use
anything like a contact book on my PC
when I have a phone you know what I'm
saying guys so therefore make sure that
you go through every single one of them
and just simply hit uninstall guys I'm
going to speed up the process real quick
so you can see what I did here
[Music]
the next up also go under apps for
websites and make sure that you uncheck
every single one of these options which
are avable and then once again you can
also double check your startup to really
see if there's not anything which is
maybe still turned on next up also click
under gaming guys and they can see a
feature for the game bar this is
basically the windows on recording
software and you want to make sure to
actually flip it on off guys because
that one is also running in the
background and it's super hard
recommending and now all you got to do
is restart your PC again and check how
the processes have changed after the
next time restarting my PC you can see
that I go down all the way to 72
processes but also keep in mind I'm
running OBS on my PC and as well some
other software which I need for the
recording so actually we're moving
around 65 processes which is an amazing
upgrade guys from having over 100 60 in
the first place if you enjoyed this
video and you want to optimize your
Windows PC even further make sure to
check out the two videos which are right
near on screen and don't forget to
subscribe